![](UsabilityTesting_TechFlow_GSAAgileBPA_02-media/media/image1.gif)

TechFlow, Inc. Response to

Request for Quotation (RFQ)

4QTFHS150004

Agile Delivery Services (ADS I)

BPA Agile – Usability Testing

June 22, 2015

***Proprietary Information Notice***: This document/proposal includes
data that shall not be disclosed outside the Government and shall not be
duplicated, used, or disclosed – in whole or in part – for any purpose
other than to evaluate this and the accompanied proposal. If, however, a
contract is awarded or modified as a result of, or in connection with
the submission of this data, the Government shall have the right to
duplicate, use or disclose the data to the extent provided in the
resulting contract. This restriction does not limit the Government’s
right to use information contained in this data if it is obtained from
another source.

Purpose
=======

The purpose of this document is to familiarize the reader with the
usability test approach used by TechFlow for the Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) in support of the Drug and Risk Information (DARI)
public information website. It includes background on the purpose of our
project, our users, the testing methods we’ll be using and the test
scenarios themselves.

Product Overview
================

The DARI product allows users to search FDA provided drug-related
information by name and will be shown the labelling information as part
of the Minimally Viable Product (MVP). With our product users will
receive the most current information provided by the FDA.

A second product increment is planned for development that would also
show users information relating to how many adverse events were reported
for the drug searched. Beyond the second increment includes backlog
items derived from user feedback and stretch goals intended to add value
to the DARI product.

User Overview
=============

We have identified three user personas for the DARI MVP: Typical Person,
Medical Professional, and Legal Professional.

<span id="_Toc422737924" class="anchor"><span id="_Toc423443134" class="anchor"></span></span>Typical Person
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This persona represents any layman who is investigating drugs. It could
be a person with an ailing spouse or child, or it could be someone
investigating drugs that he or she is taking or thinking of taking. The
Typical Person in our project is an English-speaker with internet
access.

<span id="_Toc422737925" class="anchor"><span id="_Toc423443135" class="anchor"></span></span>Medical Professional
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Medical Professional is any user in the healthcare field who needs
to investigate a drug or the drug’s known side effects. The Medical
Professional wants to access information quickly, is able to understand
English and has access to the internet.

<span id="_Toc422737926" class="anchor"><span id="_Toc423443136" class="anchor"></span></span>Legal Professional
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Legal Professional is a lawyer or legal assistant who needs to
investigate drugs as part of a court case. The Legal Professional can
understand English, has access to the internet, and needs to have
information that is accurate and up-to-date and would be respected in
court.

Testing Methods
===============

These instructions should be provided to the tester in charge of running
the usability testing.

Before releasing the participant make sure that they answer the
following questions:

1.  If you were to use this site, what device(s) would you use to access
    it?

2.  If the user is currently carrying a non-desktop device that he or
    she would use to access our site, ask the user if he or she would be
    comfortable using the device during the testing process.

Participants should be directed to a computer that’s been configured as
follows:

1.  The computer’s browser’s home pages should be set to the BPA Site

2.  The computer should be running Skype for Business and recording the
    user’s voice and actions

Participants should be given a copy of written instructions for each
scenario. Additionally, the tester should read the text of each scenario
out loud before the participant begins using the site. Participants
should be given up to 10 minutes with each scenario to complete the
assigned task. ***Encourage testers to narrate what they’re doing as
they do it***. If participants have a second device that they’re willing
to use, please have him or her perform the scenario again on the second
device.

When the user has completed the scripted scenarios, please give the user
a few minutes to play around with the site (remember, encourage the user
to talk while playing). When the user is finished, make sure to save the
recording for later review.

Each completed testing session should produce a results document. The
results document needs to contain the following sections:

1.  Raw results – This section will note down how long each activity
    took and whether the user was successful in the task or not.

2.  User Feedback – This section contains specific feedback from the
    user separate from our test scenarios.

3.  Conclusions – This section contains conclusions from the tester
    regarding the user’s session. It should include suggestions for
    improving the application.

Those results documents should all be reviewed and distilled down to a
single Usability Testing Conclusions document. Each version of the
application tested should have its own Usability Testing Conclusions
document. The Usability Testing Conclusions document(s) should be
uploaded to GIT.

Test Scenarios
==============

The parts not in italics are notes for the Tester and should not be read
aloud. Only the italicized sections should be read to the participants.
After giving the participant the instructions, note down how long it
takes for the user to find the box to enter the text, as well as how
long it takes the user to find the button to start the search. Note down
how long it takes the user to find the needed information while scanning
the result set.

If the user has multiple devices available, perform each test scenario
on a different device and note down which device was being tested in
your results.

The scenarios are provided on the next page for easy printing.

Scenario 1 – Typical User
-------------------------

*You are a patient who’s been prescribed the medication PREDNISONE, a
steroid that is used to treat auto-immune conditions. Your doctor warned
you that it might have serious side effects, but you can’t remember what
they are. Using our application
(*[*http://18f-dari.techflow.com/*](http://18f-dari.techflow.com/)*)
determine the known side effects of PREDNISONE.*

Scenario 2 – Medical Professional
---------------------------------

*You are a medical professional who is having difficulty understanding a
prescription written by a doctor. You think that the doctor may have
accidentally written down the generic name for the drug instead of the
brand name. The drug on the prescription pad is “HYDROCODONE”. You think
that the doctor meant to prescribe “VICODIN”. Use our application
(*[*http://18f-dari.techflow.com/*](http://18f-dari.techflow.com/)*) to
confirm whether HYDROCODONE and VICODIN refer to the same medicine.*

Scenario 3 – Legal Professional
-------------------------------

*You are a legal professional working a case for a car crash. Your
client, the defendant, claims that he has no memory of the accident. He
has also informed you that he was taking AMBIEN that was prescribed to
him for insomnia. Using our site
(*[*http://18f-dari.techflow.com/*](http://18f-dari.techflow.com/)*),
determine if there’s any possibility that the AMBIEN was a factor in
this accident.*

Results
=======

Here is the data we collected from our usability testing

6.1 First user “L”
------------------

1.  Scenario 1 – Typical user (took about 2 minutes)

    a.  User typed in lower case

    b.  Clicked the search button instead of hitting Enter key

    c.  Clicked the Read More

    d.  Went on to check Use Instructions

2.  Scenario 2 – Medical Professional (took about 6 minutes)

    a.  Searched on the Generic name first

    b.  Clicked all the Read More buttons looking for “Vicodin”

    c.  Wanted to search on Vicodin, but user was unable to locate the
        search box

    d.  After prompting from the tester user used the search box to
        search for Vicodin

    e.  User found the required information under Generic Name

3.  Scenario 3 – Legal Professional (took about 4 minutes)

    a.  Searched on Ambien

    b.  Looked at Adverse Reactions

    c.  Used mouse wheel to scroll through content

    d.  User concluded information wasn’t there

    e.  User was scanning content looking for “memory”

NOTES: user would like to see a button to search the page for words

6.2 Second user “K”
-------------------

1.  Scenario 1 – Typical User (3 minutes)

    a.  User went to search by

    b.  Clicked search

    c.  Looking for “side effects”

    d.  Decided that adverse reactions was side effects

    e.  User had trouble parsing the wall-o-text

2.  Scenario 2 – Medical Professional (2 min)

    a.  Searched for “hydrocodone”

    b.  Found generic name

    c.  Searched for “Vicodin”

    d.  Found Generic name

3.  Scenario 3 – Legal Professional (5 minutes)

    a.  Searched for “ambien”

    b.  Looked at Adverse Reactions

    c.  User had trouble parsing the wall-o-text

    d.  User unable to find info

NOTES:

a.  User wondered if things like 5-hour energy are available

b.  Search for caffeine yielded “maximum strength menstrual relief”

c.  Bottom of information (the warning section) is cut off by the
    disclaimer

d.  User wants a number to call when he can’t find the info he wants

e.  User dislikes the wall-o-text

f.  User preferred a wider box for Read More

g.  On mobile user had trouble closing modal popup, he used Back and
    Forward

h.  “warning” section is cut off on mobile when looking at Ambien

6.3 Third User – “B”
--------------------

1.  Scenario 1 – Typical User (2 min) MOBILE

    a.  User entered prednisone

    b.  User looked for a “side effects” section

    c.  Went to Read More section of Adverse Reactions

    d.  User found info

2.  Scenario 2 – Medical Professional (4 min)

    a.  User Searched for Hyrdocodone

    b.  Clicked on Generic Name Read More

    c.  User had trouble finding search box

    d.  User searched for Vicodin

    e.  User looked at Generic Name

3.  Scenario 3 – Legal Professional

    a.  User searched for “ambien”

    b.  User read Adverse Reactions section

    c.  User had trouble parsing wall-o-text

    d.  User wanted paragraphs

    e.  User looked at Dosage

    f.  User was looking for “do not drive”

NOTES:

a.  Read More buttons were expected to be in the box, not below it

b.  User feels there’s too much info on the page

c.  User likes the ability to put in a brand name and see the generic
    names

6.4 Fourth User – “W”
---------------------

1.  Scenario 1 – Typical User (3 min)

    a.  User entered prednisone in box

    b.  User clicked the search button

    c.  User consulted the Warnings Section

    d.  User didn’t click/notice the Read More in Warnings

    e.  User read Adverse Reactions without clicking Read More

    f.  User found Read More button and clicked it

2.  Scenario 2 – (5 minutes) iPhone/Safari

    a.  User entered hydrocodone

    b.  User is looking for generic name

    c.  User looked at Generic Name section

    d.  User read Adverse Reactions

    e.  User read Dosage section

    f.  User is looking for a Brand Name section

    g.  User can’t get to warning section (it’s obscured on phones by
        the disclaimer)

    h.  User exited and returned to the browser to get the search box
        back

    i.  User entered Vicodin

    j.  User went to Generic Name Section

3.  Scenario 3 – (6 minutes)

    a.  User entered “ambien”

    b.  User clicked search

    c.  User looked at Indication and Usage

    d.  User looked at Adverse Reactions

    e.  User concluded there was a small chance of amnesia

NOTES:

a.  User would like bigger text

b.  User likes the program

c.  User likes the ability to find generic names by entering a brand
    name and vice versa

d.  In FF the built-in autocomplete feature displays the list far under
    the search box

Conclusions and Action Items
============================

7.1 Conclusions
---------------

After reviewing the feedback from users we determined several key areas
that could be improved.

1.  Users had difficulty getting back to the search box after they had
    already performed a search.

2.  Users wanted to be able to search by generic name and see the brand
    name.

3.  In one instance a user didn’t notice the Read More tabs.

4.  The users preferred a wider modal to pop up when clicking Read More.

7.2 Action Items
----------------

Based on the conclusions of the usability testing, we determined the
following action items:

1.  When a user scrolls down the page and can no longer see the search
    box, one should be provided at the top of the screen

2.  In addition to displaying the generic name of a drug, our system
    should display the brand name

3.  The Read More tabs should be inside the section they’re connected
    to, instead of hanging slightly below. The colors should also be
    updated to make them more noticeable.

    a.  Translated to UI cleanup task

4.  The width of the modals created when users hit Read More should be
    increased

    a.  Translated to UI cleanup task
